I've compiled the source and whenever I try and launch the jar, the error I get says I do not have an ipv4 interface.

Win10, wireless and Ethernet bridged. Functionally, everything is up and running.... just can't get past this error. 

What am I doing wrong that it can't detect my network card(s)?
I watch a code but I don't understand as the package what structure he has is deciphered.
and it still working in pubg?


execute me，where is the new05.pcap???
I have modify the code working with VMware, but the server sometimes shut the game off because of the VMware. I am trying to use Vbox but it seems that Vbox have some problem with openGL. I have enabled both graph accelerations, make config.useOpenGL3(false, 2,1) to compile with version 2.1 but I still got this error.

screen is white, flash while dragging. nothing showing up.

[LWJGL] GLFW_PLATFORM_ERROR error
	Description : WGL: Failed to make context current
	Stacktrace  :
		org.lwjgl.glfw.GLFW.glfwMakeContextCurrent(GLFW.java:3318)
		com.badlogic.gdx.backends.lwjgl3.Lwjgl3Window.makeCurrent(Lwjgl3Window.java:429)
		com.badlogic.gdx.backends.lwjgl3.Lwjgl3Application.loop(Lwjgl3Application.java:133)
		com.badlogic.gdx.backends.lwjgl3.Lwjgl3Application.<init>(Lwjgl3Application.java:110)
		main.ui.GLMap.show(GLMap.kt:122)
		main.GameKt.main(Game.kt:63)

OpenGL Warning: GetRandomRgn returned (-1) instead of (1), VisibleRegions update failed

since it is working fine with VMware, anyone have any idea how to fix this?

Only gray box.
Tried to change port range. Didn't helped.
Can any one helped me? 

(P.S.)
Worked month ago or something.
opengl warning: vboxcall failed with vbox status code verr_out_of_range
directx 3d has intall
grey screen
i cant move the map at all. player icon is stuck in top left hand corner and never is where I am.
Id be able to make due if I could get the map move so I could zoom in, but the player icon is always centered. I tried changing opengl3 to false, but no change. any help?
lost the first actor creation bunch.just create as we need it

Hey, radar is working nicely but i must start it after entering lobby because game not loads (no "initializing" and no "connecting" pop ups in pubg) if i start arpspoof before. Also i have to reset it after every game because it want connect after pressing "exit to lobby". Any fix for it?

Which part should I change? Are BE sig specific part of the code? 