
Backbone.iobind is another popular js library that overwrites the sync method.  How do I use backbone-offline and backbone.iobind together?

https://github.com/logicalparadox/backbone.iobind/blob/master/dist/backbone.iosync.js#L47

I have 3 collections
1. drivers (id, name, address, etc)
2. facility (id, name, address, etc)
3. delivery (id, driver_id, facility_id, date, etc)

if offline
(a) I add a new driver..bb-offline creates a local_id and sid:'new'
(b) then create a new delivery using the driver created in (a)...the delivery.driver_id field will have the driver.local_id value

How do I insure that on sync the driver is updated first...and then the delivery.driver_id is updated with the driver.sid value once assigned?

I'm using collections which persist in memory - I.E. not recreated each time I use them. 

However, when I fetch a new model from the server, the collection gets 2 add events. 

Flow seems to be:
1. call fetch().
2. get JSON from server.
3. save to Localstorage. 
4. collection add event. 

Then do something else, and then..

5 call fetch() again.
6 collection add event.

So you get another add event, even though there is no new data. 

If you call fetch() a 3rd time, you don't get another add event. I.E. you get the event precisely twice. 

Further information : 

The model in step 4. has a 'cid', but it doesn't have an 'sid', or internal guid. 

The model in step 6. does. 

However, at step 3, the object in localstorage does have an 'sid'. 

So - the following seems to be happening...

a) download model from server
b) save to localstorage with new attributes
c) add model with server attributes. 

Maybe it should add to collection with the same attributes that are saved to localstorage? 

Happy to fix this myself. Please direct me to the relevant functions in the source.

Best,

Dalip

Hi there,
I've got a collection that's got the this.storage set with autoPush as per the instructions but when I save an individual model from that collection it sends a PUT without the id attribute. It is looking for the sid - which if I set manually before saving, will successfully be appended to the PUT URL (eg http://res/item/sidvalue) but the sent data doesn't include an id attribute, only an sid  (eg {somdata:true, updated_at: datetime, sid: sidvalue} )
Am I meant to be receiving id in the PUT? 
thanks

When using collection.storage.sync.push(); call no API call is made to sync the data on the server.

When using someCollection.storage.sync.push() nothing happens, no Ajax call is made.

Hello, I saw that there was an ObjectId generator in the lib, how one is supposed to pass the option to use it ?

Thanks.

Updated parameters passed to ajax callback functions to work with latest backbone.js and query

Creates duplicate records if id is string. we are using id as uuid, which returned as string. 

for every fetch it creates a duplicate record.

In the model, if default value for id assigned then it creates only one duplicate record

```
defaults:
  id: null 
```
