This PR fixes #2392 by updating documentation about separate Python bindings installation on Linux systems.
`set_retry_limit` doesn't work at the database level - `set_transaction_retry_limit` should be used instead.
To better utilize resource on each restore process and avoid stalling on a particular step, we should pipeline the processing of version batches.
Format mako's code. This will mess up git-blame but that's a problem we'll have to accept 🙂
merge priority did not need to be raised, because we no longer merge shards until they are untrackable

max_commit_updates was too large, and could cause proxies to run out of memory
When `mako` is configured to 'get' keys it is only able to 'get' keys that it created with the 'build' command, and is not capable of getting keys it inserted with random names as it does when instructed with `-x 'g8ui'`. Thus gets and updates affect only a certain portion of keys which is undesirable for benchmarking purposes.

This issue can be closed when `mako`'s access pattern is uniformly random across the set of keys in fdb, not just those inserted with the 'build' command.

Proposed Solution:
Mako should insert keys with a deterministic naming scheme, something simple like `makoiXXXXXX` where X is a number starting at 0 and incremented to the current number of inserts. This number can be hashed to ensure the key names are not sequential. Then `mako` can easily access random keys within this range and the range it inserted in the 'build' phase.
We weren't using a retry loop, so in the rare cases where we got errors in this transaction the test would fail.
The data distribution queue currently only keeps queues for the source servers of a relocation. This can lead to data distribution issuing a lot of lot of concurrent relocations that all go to the same destination.

In this scenario, those relocations will be queued on the storage server before getting fetched. This may take a really long time, and during this interval, mutations for this range are being written to both the source and the destination. It is also possible that we could have made a better decision on where to relocation the shard if we waited to start the relocation.
If the read version of a transaction is known when the versionstamped operation is performed, then the read version can be used as a safe lowerbound of what commit version will be filled into the versionstamped key.

See #2504 for far more context/information.
PR used for the build. Will delete later.