Griddify is not showing grids on my version of Photoshop (Photoshop CC Version: 20.0.6).
It also freezes Photoshop for a few seconds. Can anyone provide a remedy?'
Thanks
I have managed to open the extension in CC2017. However I was not able to see the button for orientation 
it works gud for 1st time after that its showing error"The requested action requires that the target document is the frontmost document"

can you help me out please

In my current photoshop version 2015.5.0, I followed the supplied instructions and the extension installed, I can see the panel window but it has a white background instead of black and entered values disappear and no grids are made.

Hi

I getting error when I try to use griddify in Photoshop CC 2015.
When im launching Photoshop it works fine but after a while im just getting this error:

General Photoshop error occurred. This 
functionality may not be avaible in this version of Photoshop.

Im on mac,

Any ideas why?

In Photoshop CC 2015.1 Griddify make global guides. Pleade add a feature to make local guides which  bind within artboard like it make guideguide.me. Thanks!

Hi guy, i downloaded and extract the zip file and put the griddify folder inside the extensions folder.
It show in extension photoshop. But when i click it:  "The Gridify extension could not be loaded because it was not properly signed" Why? please help me

i have searched for the location specified in the windows 64-bit manual install instructions, but could not find it. i am also unable to open the extension in the photoshop extension manager. any help regarding this issue is much appreciated. thank you.

We just downloaded and installed Griddify (unzipped and copied to the appropriate folder per instructions), and when attempting to create grid lines nothing happens.

The Griddify panel shows up, we can enter numbers but no grids are being created.

The extension is great, much faster and less cluttered than the competition; my only complaint is that it does not have an icon. Instead of using something generic like a few lines, I suggest this one: http://thenounproject.com/term/arrows/29774/ 

I believe it is appropriate to the extension yet abstract enough to be interesting/cool and for people to remember it.
