Hello, I wasn't sure where to ask this since it's more of a question than an issue. Would text based data work with AWS Forecast?

For example, we have orders that have names and the size of the order can likely be predicted based on the name of the order. If we're trying to forecast the size of the orders, would Forecast be able to use the name field out-of-the-box as part of the forecasting algorithm?

I hope that makes sense and if i'm asking in the wrong place please let me know where a more appropriate forum is.

Thanks in advance,
-bp
*Issue #, if available:*

*Description of changes:*


By submitting this pull request, I confirm that you can use, modify, copy, and redistribute this contribution, under the terms of your choice.

Hello,

I am getting this issue when I run line 15 in notebook 2. 

```
predictor_arn = predictorArn
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
NameError                                 Traceback (most recent call last)
<ipython-input-15-70e3f3e2c98d> in <module>()
----> 1 predictor_arn = predictorArn

NameError: name 'predictorArn' is not defined
```
I am running the notebook in jupyterlab in AWS Sagemaker. Please let me know if I am missing something. I didn't see the above var any where in your code.

I skipped over this line and was able to complete the lab. I dont see that its being used anywhere. Might not be needed.

Thanks for the help!

Dan
Is there any reason to keep the legacy SDK content in the repo now?
Using a dataset with item metadata illustrate how to predict cold start items in a notebook.
Create a notebook that illustrates how to include metadata for related time series information to perform a what if analysis.
Create a notebook that showcases the impact of building with HPO enabled.
Create a notebook showcasing the impact of including Holidays with DeepAR+.
Create a notebook that deploys a predictor and generates a forecast using AutoML and compare its impact to previously generated models.
Identify a time-series oriented dataset with the following types of information:

1. Target Time Series
1. Related Time Series
1. Item Metadata

These will be used in other notebooks to illustrate their impact and usage with various algorithms. 