Everytime i turn on borderless gaming for 7 days to die it drops my fps to 30-40 when previously its in the 100's and i have to restart the client in order for it to aquire my fps back.
I'd love to use Borderless Gaming to not only upscale windowed apps, but also to provide the possibility to use filters such as HQx or xbr.

Primary Reason: I'd love to play some of the older RPGs like Final Fantasy VI. They are nice, but filtering is poor. So I'd like to be able to apply my own (xbr). 
eve online no longer works properly after today's update of the game.
it works when i no longer try to make the game borderless.

after launching the game client i can hear the normal sound effect that plays on the character selection screen but it's just black and i'm unable to click anything and have to force close the process.
sometimes it also changes to windows 7 basic theme and everything gets super sluggish and almost impossible to use the PC.
I recently install Borderless gaming from steam then deleted steam, but didn't delete borderless gaming. Eventually, I deleted and uninstall borderless gaming, however; I get this error saying thread exception caught and then other info below it. Can u help me pleaseeee?
Rochard is a game from 2011 made with Unity: https://store.steampowered.com/app/107800/Rochard/
BorderlessGaming version: 9.5.6.1328 (latest release at time of writing this)

I'm running it through Steam. Putting it in Windowed mode (with alt+enter or through the video parameters) and then asking BorderlessGaming to maximize it just does nothing. It *may* be attempting something because there's some weird flashing animation so maybe the game window resets itself on its own I'm not sure.

Thanks for the great tool!
I have try it with FernzGate and it wont go fullscreen it stays on windows mode
program try's to open the game at fullscreen but game goes and stays on window mode.
any ideas help? thanks in advance,
Example: https://i.imgur.com/nMnAWJc.png

I use several virtual desktops with various programs running, mostly tiled against each other.

It becomes annoying pretty fast if you have to fix all your windows after you quit a game.
Screen moves for a seconds, but nothing happens. Help :(
My perfect res is 1680x1050 in game while the actual monitor is 1920 x 1680. Now I can play this during full screen perfectly, however, once I switch to Borderless Window it is no longer stretched and the rest of my monitor is on the sides of the game. Tried using Borderless Gaming but it does nothing. 
(Update version 9.5.6)
I was playing a game called "Soulworker" and noticed that I needed to use border less gaming to play on full screen and once I used it I noticed that the mouse is showing up in the wrong location is there a way i can fix this?