-le would render a failure mail even if the numbers match. Probably -ne would be even better
Thanks for your Quick Fix but it was not enough. 

The Problem is that we have 3 DC's. The Hostname of one DC is set with a capital character. 

Lower.domain.local

For this DC the System generates two Records in _ldap._tcp.dc

Lower.domain.local
lower.domain.local

That results in 4 Records in DNS for 3 DC's in the Domain.

Hello. 

One of our DC's Hostname is set with a capital Character ex. Berlin.

In the _msdcs Zone the system generates two Records one with all lowercase an one with the uppercase Name.

So your Test with No. of DC's -eq No. of SRV Records fails. 

Solution could be to normalize the Hostname to lowercase and count distinct records or change to 
No. of DC -le No. Srv Records. 

Thanks for your tools :+1: 

- block anyone from committing straight to master
- add a required task to increase the increment the module version before a merge to master is allowed. the push to the PowerShell gallery will fail without the increase in module version number

the task registration script in non-module scripts is excellent but not easy to find on its own. add relevant documentation to WIKI and README so that users can find that info easier. Also it allows for deeper discussion of topics and concepts than what is feasible in the notes section of a script. 
- Remove commented out commands from script (they're old and arent relevant anymore)
- add **RegisterScheduledJob** syntax for remaining functions not already covered in script
i would like to add a way to identify which server sent an alert. the reason for this is that some environments may have multiple methods (tool servers) that could generate alerts. Over time and with staffing changes, the possibility exists that a team may not know where the alerts are being sent from. 

A simple one liner text addition to email body would suffice. See example below:

```
This alert was sent from SERVERNAME at TIME
```

taking that one step further maybe we could also identity the account used to send the alert

```
This alert was sent from SERVERNAME at TIME by SVC_ACCT_NAME
```




By making the output more generic it will support multiple output plugins without needing to reformat multiple times in the function code. 