I previously wrote about incorporation with the Spender modified (hardened) fork of Cuckoo (https://github.com/spender-sandbox/cuckoo-modified). You guys amazingly got this to integrate so it could directly import into threat_note.

Today I received a rather malicious URL phish through Skype - antiVM, analysis delay, reaching out over Eastern Europe, the works - a real indicator goldmine.

The modified fork allows the analysis of URLs, PCAPs and Quarantine files - some of these features are also now in the Cuckoo 2.0 release.

Would it be possible for threat_note to import from alternate streams in Cuckoo modified? As best as I can tell, it only imports from "jobs" which are uploaded binaries, not URL analysis or PCAP analysis. There's a lot of data I've got to manually enter at the moment as it won't import due to the type of analysis.

Cheers,

BG
What are my options for using SSL? 

Is there a way to restrict the "register" function so it's not available to all users? Also is there a way to centrally manage users access?

Is there a way to export indicators to a CSV?

I can see API key provided in the profile page, how is that usable? can API be used for import, export or search functionality? 

Can we have API documentation, the link is broken.

Great update but miss the search function. Would be great to have it back.

It doesn't seem like the entry for Threat Actor is for email addresses. I think a dedicated Object Type would be handy for this.

Hi, what about moving settings to an external file? It's a good practice and simplifies configuration. Other settings (e.g. db file) should ideally be moved there as well. 

After creating a domain indicator for a host in the .ru TLD, we receive an error when clicking on the new indicator.   Threat Note errors out with merely 'country'  (including quotes) and the little ambulance icon. 

Other TLDs (.com, .it, .cn) all work fine.  The happens on both the .ru indicators I have in my database.  Threat Note is up to date.

Can there be a way to integrate into a slack team to allow the automatic tracking of items shared in a team?
