This is the error msg I get. Is there anyone working on Knt? I have used it for years and really need a fix!

""Unable to write to c:\program files (x86)\keynote\keynote.mgr

"Unexpected error: Unable to write to c"\program files (x86)\keynote\keynote.mru | This message may indicate a bug in KeyNotie. If the problem persists, please contact the author at <marekjed@users.sourceforge.net>. You can continue working or terminate KeyNote.  | Terminate application? YES NO"

I would appreciate the author to provide such a great note-taking tool, for the reading of paper and books and personal studying.

I am considering that if it is possible to embed the function of collapsed block into the text editor right side, performed like the coding editor. For some annotations or supplementaty information, maybe you can check or hide them whenver you want inside the text.
ersion: Keynote NF 1.7.8
os: windows 10 pro 64 bit
Description of Bug:

This is based off my memory due the bug is random and unpredictable.  In the middle of working on my notes and not clicking any buttons other than typing my notes, an error box informing me "Out of Memory" and unable to save.  

Clicking OK another box informs me that "Keynote.mgr is not working".  Clicking OK another box informs me if I do not save I will lose data.  

I attempt to click Save and it repeats the three pop up boxes over and over again.  

I attempt to Save As and it goes through the same three pop boxes: Out of Memory, Keynote.mgr is not working, If I do not save I will lose data. When it asked me do I want to proceed to not save data (when it really did not allow me to save at all) another pop up told me to email you guys if there is a bug box came up.  

When I try to look for my file that I have been working on for months it was not found.  I luckily found the back up file but when I opened it, 2 weeks of notes were gone!!!  I lost 2 weeks of work due to this bug.  Please help!!!  

This has happened twice.  The first time approximately 2 weeks ago, After finding the .bak file since the original file is gone, I realized I lost an hour worth of notes which I thought was hopefully a one time incident.  However I made certain to constantly manually click Save every half an hour or so going forward to prevent any lost.  

This second time, last night, the bug occurred again and I lost 2 weeks worth of notes and that is ALOT!.  I am scared to used this program until I know how to protect my work notes.  Please help!

BUG: Lost File due to a saving error of some kind.  .bak file is there but not saved up to latest work.  

I really like this program alot due to how it can manage notes but not being able to save it or keep it from being lost is a very scary situation since I use it for work and that is not good.  Please help.  

Thanks.  
Github is matching donations for sponsors. I'd like to show my appreciation for your work.

My colleagues and I all use KeyNote daily, and have for many years now. It is indispensable.

Please join the sponsorship program.

And thank you.
Hi,

can you tell us when the next version will be release? sorry if I seem impatient but I've been revisiting your sight for any new updates and nothing seems to be happening - is development still continuing?

Thank you
1. Need to switch off in "Note Properties" checkbox "Plain text only (do not save formatting information)"

2. Select in any text editor. like notepad, large text fragment, large than 100KB

3. Paste this text to any KeyNote note

4. Text will be truncated. Only 1024 bytes of text will be copied.
Program seems to disappear - not visible in tool bar, can't alt-tab to it, but the process is still listed in task manager. Running, but you can't get to it. 

Starting it again brings up the 'closing this instance' dialog, as it should, since I have it configured to run only one instance. This solves the problem, but I'm worried about losing work if I accidentally 'revert to saved'.

Running KN 1.7.9.4
Hello, Daniel!

About KeyNote NF...
Can you make a horizontal ScrollBar for а note-panel?
If big images are inserted (maps, for example), then it is not convenient to view. And it's not convenient to use zoom for viewing.
Need for it!

Best Regards!
Zom.
On a non-maximized window, I resized the resource panel (aka "search panel") all the way to the right to hide it. The result is that it got stuck on the right side of the window and couldn't be dragged back, even though the "Click and drag to resize panels" tooltip and mouse cursor still showed up.

Things I tried to solve the problem:
- I tried hiding then showing the resource panel by clicking the "Show or hide resource panel" button but it had no effect (it just nudged the edge of the note a little to the right / back to the left, still undraggable).
- I tried looking for an option to reset the scale/position of everything. If it exists, I couldn't find it.
- I searched the Help Contents and discovered (in "Auxiliary Files") that "information about the size and position of several dialog boxes" is stored inside the ".MRU" file, but I couldn't find it in windows explorer even though I have all file extensions & hidden files visible.

When I maximized the main window I finally regained the ability to resize the panel. Now it doesn't seem to get stuck anymore, regardless of the window size. I can't reproduce it anymore.

Version: 1.7.9 Beta 8
Operating system: Windows 7
Is there a setting that I am missing as the older versions did not do this.

Every time I paste a screenshot taking by screen shot tool (picPick) it would paste it into KNF full size. Now when I paste it is limiting the size and image needs to be resized manually.

