Since iOS 12 has deprecated OpenGL / GLKView, it would be great if this project could be converted to Metal. I don't know how much longer OpenGL will still work in iOS. Current version is iOS 13.3 and it still works. But still, one day it will fail.
Would you merge and create a version if I fix the 5 warnings that appear in xcode?
I did some pr to other projects and they never did so I won't do it if there is no plan in merging it

Thanks!
Is there any plans to include Carthage support for this awesome project? 

Thanks.
Hi @jharwig,
your example app crashes when I touch 'Variable Width' tab with this error message:
`*** Terminating app due to uncaught exception 'NSInternalInconsistencyException', reason: '-[GLKViewController loadView] loaded the "7Iy-2i-DqV-view-KH5-vi-5Sl" nib but didn't get a GLKView.'`
Thank you.
Developers can now listen to PPSSignatureView once signing has started, ended and has cleared the current signature.
> ld: library not found for -lPods
> clang: error: linker command failed with exit code 1 (use -v to see invocation)

solution:

open Build Settings, then find out the Link Binary With Libraries, then delete the `libpods.a`.
I use this in my app and wanted to know if there's a way to save the signature as an image (base64 encoded) to send via API to our payment gateway server. Thanks.

Hi, when I call signatureImage I'm able to get the related UIImage\* but after a few moments the app crashes (XCode start showing a lot of SIGABRT and EXC_BAD_INSTRUCTION)
Does it happens to anybody? Does anybody have a solution?

XCode 8.0 iOS 10

Hey Jason,

Thanks for a cool library. It works really well!

I've been using this library in an app at work. We decided that we need to re-populate the screen with a previously captured signature in some use cases. (Say the user signs, but isn't ready to save, but they need to look at some other view controller in the middle of their workflow.)

I got it working, but before setting up a pull request, there are a couple of things I wanted to address.

I tried collecting the vertices as they were generated and then passing them back to `addVertex()` but the call to `glMapBufferOES` fails and the log spews a bunch of messages: "Attempting to copy gl buffer prematurely." Since that didn't work, I tried something else.

I added my own target to the pan and tap gesture recognizers and recorded the gesture locations and velocities in their respective views. When the signature view comes back on screen, I play back the gestures and the signature draws appropriately.

Is there a better way to redraw the vertices without mocking the gestures?  I'm not so familiar with OpenGL ES, so I might have been missing some setup in my initial implementation.

Also, because my signature view is in a scroll view which jumps when the signature finishes (as a result of some of application logic - it's collecting data then refreshing the screen) there's a streak of "ink" towards the top of the signature view. 

One last thing - I'd love to contribute this back to the project (if it's wanted) but I need to clear it with my company for legal reasons. I don't know if they consider the gesture recording/playback mechanism to be their IP. In the meantime, more context on the GL question might help someone else even if I can't.

I got this error.

> $ pod install
> [!] The dependency `PPSSignatureView (from`../PPSSignatureView.podspec`)` is not used in any concrete target.

CocoaPods 1.x must need target.
Add `target 'PPSSignatureDemo'` to Demo Podfile.
Thank you.
