When pressing Ctrl+V to autotype the password, keepassx window is
hidden(minimized). This patch unhides it after autotype is finished.
This allows for just Alt+Tab to switch back to keepassx after autotype
is done, rather than having to find keepassx in taskbar and click it to
restore its window. (time consuming)
This unhide doesn't automatically focus keepassx though, or it's my Xfce
window manager settings that prevent focus stealing if it otherwise would.
I've added new option labeled "Start minimized" in general settings. After enabling it KeePassX will start in minimized state. I think is very useful when application is loaded on system start. This feature was requested in https://dev.keepassx.org/issues/328.

I've not updated translations since this project uses Transifex. My native language is Polish, so my proposal for translation of "Start minimized" is "Uruchom zminimalizowany".

I've also fixed some errors I've encountered when building with Qt 5.11.
Can close #328

Resolves [Bug #619](https://dev.keepassx.org/issues/619)

Confirmation box has three options:
Discard changes and close entry
Save changes and close entry
Cancel closing entry
I suggest adding the translations to the .ts file so all translatable strings are in the same file.
Keepassx offers an option to clear the clipboard/selection
after some time, e.g. 10 seconds, after the password was
copied to the clipboard. This works fine, but unfortunately
the password isn't removed from Klipper's history. This is
a great security risk, which may make the use of keepassx
impossible.

This patch adds the additional mime type
'x-kde-passwordManagerHint' to the mimeData when copying a
password to the clipboard. Klipper will then not insert it
into its history.

See https://phabricator.kde.org/D12539
When a password has been altered and the user cancels the modification, make sure to ask them if they really want to throw away their changes.
Hi @debfx 
Here is the Hungarian entry for .desktop file.
Hi @debfx 
Here is the initial Hungarian translation for KeePassX