popular for JAVA: https://flywaydb.org
You rely on some deliberately selected 3rd party libs but the outbox implementation is part of your own code base.
I have played with https://github.com/dotnetcore/CAP and it feels very much ok. 
I understand that in the monolith world there is less need for a queuing infrastructure but cap supports also in memory transports. Nonetheless, even in a monolith there is need for retries (e.g. when the integration event handler throws) which can be quite configured quite easy in Cap.

 
Hi Kamil,
Very eloquent implementation. Really love it.
Is event sourcing also something you are envisioning for this project?


Hi @kgrzybek , first of all, thanks for your work! 

I have been going thru the codebase and I have noticed an approach which slightly differs from my own, thus I wanted to ask some questions to better understand the drivers & reasoning behind it. 

In the application layer, there is a lot of dependencies, which I usually delegate to infrastructure layer.
For example - event bus related stuff, DI modules, logging, schedulers - basically everything that is not Command or CommandHandler. Sometimes it happens, that in CommandHandler you need something more. In that case, I usually go for the interface in the application layer implemented in the infrastructure layer. 

Speaking of modules, I noticed that in each module there are usually couple of autofac modules, e.g. MediatorModule, QuartzModule, DataAccessModule. What is the reason of that? 

Each .csproj has a reference to Microsoft.NETCore.App - would you consider switching that to .netstandard? I reference the platform at the top-level such as API (CompanyName.MyMeetings.API in this case). Benefit of that is that it allows my to easily switch the platform and has much less coupling for my application.

I want to make it clear that I'm not trying to say the only valid way to do something is "my & only righteous way". I'm more of looking for exchange of thoughts and maybe an improvement in common understanding.

If you think that something can be extracted to separate issue, please do so, I didn't want to spam you 😄 

It has preview status at the moment but quick development form experimental to preview makes me sure that it is good option if someone doesn't enjoy JS (Blazor apps are in c#) . Hi-speed of web assembly is nice side effect.

https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor
Hey, 
Good job with the project, it is always nice to see another DDD/CQRS open source projects.
Have ever you thought about integration with Application Insights? It could be good for performing/logging/diagnostics/alerting etc. 

It has worked well in company project, especially that AI has possibility to inject into pipeline and add custom headers like CorrelationID