… for W7, W8, WS2008, WS2008R2, WS2012, WS2012R2 and WS2016. 17 new KBs in total. 
Kind of an FYI, we ran into this today. Get-Hotfix is built on Win32_QuickFixEngineering which only returns items "based on Microsoft Windows Installer (MSI), Windows Update, Microsoft Update, or Windows Server Update Services. It does not include updates that are supplied by Component Based Servicing (CBS), or other non-hotfix programs or apps." (From [Get-Hotfix in the Notes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/reference/4.0/microsoft.powershell.management/get-hotfix))

So you may get false negatives where the script indicates systems are missing patches that are actually installed.

Edit: I read the docs wrong, and get the what is returned/not returned backwards
Hi there
Is there a timeout we can set on the script so it moves forward if it has issues with connection to servers.
Thanks
Junaid
Hi There,
I am experiencing a hang on the script , I have only added specific OU to target I am seeing a machine on the list that's not moving past, been there for over 15 minutes.
Anyone experience this and know how to resolve this.
Thanks
Junaid
Add Windows 10 in the windows Computers.
Change method to select name (for all versions PowerShell) because the previous didn't work with Pshell 2.0
Changed method of listing computer names for Powershell V2
When running the script, it is telling me Unable to connect in the log.  If i run the Get-ADComputer command, i get the lsiting of the PC's, If i choose a PC name, and run the GetHotFix command, I get its hotfixes.  I am unsure of why when  run the entire WannaCry script, it says unable to connect.

Powershell reports:
Summary for domain: ABC.local
Of the windows computers in active directory, 1 were off, 0 couldnt be checked, 0 were unpatched and 0 were successfully patched

Log file States:
WannaCry patch status 2017-05-15 10:06
****	 	Unable to connect.
Unpatched (0):


Patched (0):


Off/Untested(1):

Microsoft states "Restart requirement - A system restart is required after you apply this security update."
Does this script address this? (the presence of the patch alone may not ensure protection).
 
How can i scan multiple computers from this script
This blog states that Windows 10 machines are not impacted by this attack: https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mmpc/2017/05/12/wannacrypt-ransomware-worm-targets-out-of-date-systems/

I'd suggest including an updated operating system filter to exclude the computer objects from AD.