K2pdfopt optimizes PDF/DJVU files for mobile e-readers (e.g. the Kindle)
and smartphones. It works well on multi-column PDF/DJVU files and can
re-flow text even on scanned PDF files. It can also be used as a general
PDF copying/cropping/re-sizing/OCR-ing manipulation tool. It can
generate native or bitmapped PDF output, with an optional OCR layer.

Changes:

Adding WBOT into Command Line Utilities section. 

All the instructions has been added to the readme section of wbot repo. 

Translated it in french all the way up to Javascript. WIP
Changes
Initial Version of German Translation
NXEngine-evo is an "evolution" of NXEngine.
The project is listed here 
https://github.com/nxengine/nxengine-evo
It adds many things such as:
-Animated face pics
-Ability to customize soundtrack
-Widescreen support (essential)
-And much more coming soon !
It's available on the 3 major PC operating systems 
It can also be compiled to run on Haiku
And it's available as homebrew for HEN consoles (vita,switch,etc)
It doesn't make sense to add NXEngine and leave out NXEngine-evo

I figure it'd be a good idea to have a central thread where we can discuss recent issues with the list:

1. Although the world seems to be trending away from it at the moment, Crypto currencies still seem to be being cranked out at a huge scale, and I figure it wouldn't be a bad idea to add the linux programs that mine them to the list. The only question regarding this is:

Should be separate them by GUI and Command Line? Or mash them together?

2. What should be do about the Alphabetical ordering across languages?

We are lucky enough that most of the translations here are Latin charactered languages, so alphabetizing is fairly easy. However this changes with Thai and Chinese. Should they maintain Roman lettered alphabetizing, so we can make changes between en-EN and them easier? Or should be consider another order? My recent commits have been under the idea that they will maintain Roman lettering order for sanity sake, but I don't want my lettering system to be the default if someone doesn't care for it.

3. #196 the first suggestion that @makss made was in regards to how we are going to continue to keep the different translations in sync and together. So far that has been something I've taken to doing from time to time and it's largely been successful. I believe the method of adding the English version of a program to all the different lists so that they can later be translated, and the ordering kept, is the current way forward, unless someone can write up the A_sort.py's to do it for us. However we should still discuss this just in case we have better ideas.

These points come from referencing the following now closed issues, they haven't really been addressed, so I've combined them here for easier discussion:
#325
#326
Criei este issue para tentar organizar as traduções para o [Português do Brasil](https://github.com/LewisVo/Awesome-Linux-Software/blob/master/README_pt-BR.md).

A sua ajuda é muito bem vinda.
Abraços!
I'm sure users would like to know if an app is written using GTK, Qt, Electron, Java, ...