What would be the callback URL, specifically?
Firefox 32.0.3 will trigger the search event as the user edits the search text field as it does in Chrome.
Fixes #31

Typing in the search text field in chrome updates the search results in realtime.  But when using firefox, when modifying the characters the search results aren't dynamically updated.

Hi, I'm struggling to install in on amazon ec2, has anyone done it before?

Hey when executing bundle install on ubuntu 12.04 i get:

'Could not find gem 'active_support (>= 0) ruby' in the gems available on this machine.'
could you please give me any clue on what is this.

Howdy!

It seems the invite system was partially removed in commit cdf602df869fd1073502466644079564b759093f. Part of what made me interested in using this project in the first place was the invite system, and it's kinda confusing that there are still relics from that (Limited invites, columns in the User model).

Suggested resolution:
- Re-add the invite system in a more modular fashion, such that it can be turned off and on via config option.
- Failing that, remove the constrained invitation system (I.e., give users unlimited invites).
- Create a branch for using the invitation system, such as is suggested used to be the case in [Dan's amazing Heroku blogpost](http://dan-jenkins.co.uk/monocle-on-heroku/).

I am new to ruby and coffee, I try to learn from monocle source.
now I am confuse with the coffee MVC framework, so what is it?

I have had a series of challenges deploying Monocle to Heroku. Has anyone done it? Can you share your experience with a step-by-step guide?

I'm opening this issue for discussion of whether creating categories (AKA "subreddits") would be a nice thing.

It requires a substantial change of workflow and UI. 

I propose the categories stay somewhat hidden, with a dropdown menu near the bottom if the person wishes to switch from the general view to just one single category.

I'd like to see support for text entries, like those in HN or Reddit. I think those really help to strenghten the bond of an online community (like Ask Reddit or Ask HN)

I want to program that, but I'd like to know first the opinion of the makers whether such patch would be considered.

Thanks!
