Now that the "big split" is over, do you think this project is worth resuming? 
nteract is not yet stable enough yet, and is rewriting the javascript side, so there are some differences. 
While i am writing the code IPython works fine, but while compiling you need to restart the kernel or else newly written code in the previous cell doesn't work.

Apart from this everything is fine. 

https://github.com/cloudmatrix/esky/

> Esky is an auto-update framework for frozen Python applications. It provides a simple API through which apps can find, fetch and install updates, and a bootstrapping mechanism that keeps the app safe in the face of failed or partial updates.

Esky is currently capable of freezing apps with py2exe, py2app, cxfreeze and bbfreeze. Adding support for other freezer programs should be straightforward; patches will be gratefully accepted.

A nice feature would be to have an option in the menu to re-open the Welcome window, allowing to connect to a different server, or open the directory listing for a server in case the window was accidentally closed.

My use case right now is that I start multiple iPython notebook servers (with different working directories) on the command line, and the have ipython-desktop connect to one of them by setting the correct port number in the configuration. At the moment, I can only connect to on server that way; it would be nice to do multiple connections.

I can do this easily in the browser, of course, but what I like about ipython-deskop is that I have a separate app. In the browser, I always and up with a million open tabs, and it's hard to switch between regular browsing and the tabs running my notebooks easily.

The setting for the "Command" in the Notebook server config is lost on exiting the app.

When starting a server, the working directory appears to be something completely arbitrary. I would be nice to be able to set it explicitly.

Hi,
I am a lazy person and downloaded the binary. Unfortunately, when I start it up,  it only shows a blank screen. I can also open the about box and see the licenses, but thats it. It did not show the start screen and did not it give me an opportunity to edit the server path. I wish I could give more helpful descriptions of what goes wrong. Greetings,

Thorsten

Very cool work!

The LGPL license is not really compatible with the BSD license used in IPython (and much of the Python world).  You might want to consider relicensing if you would like this project repackaged in other distributions.
