This is a bit of a long shot but though I'd post to see if it would be of use to anyone else. Our current workflow is to use makerjs to create dxfs of the objects we are going to cut out on a cnc machine. We import the objects in vcarve and then nest and toolpath. If we could nest the objects in makerjs it would be amazing for 2 reasons.

- The nesting in vcarve isn't great
- If the objects were nested in makerjs we could calculate the exact sheet usage required right in the browser and know what to order without having to export and nest first

Appreciate this might be something of a niche use case, would be interesting to hear if anyone else would find this feature useful
I was dealing with path booleans with maker.js recently, when I encountered a problem where a boolean operation results in fragmented segments that end up being discarded, resulting in entire holes or contours lost.

I did some digging, and it seems that the Text objects I was dealing with are in fact Bezier Curves approximated with arcs. When the bezier curve goes flat, the arc's radius becomes huge and the angle becomes very small. That seemed to cause issues when the arc is intersected with lines.

I converted the arcs in question into straight lines and that seemed to solve the problem. But I guess a better solution would have to be implemented by the devs.
I have polygon on canvas, i want to export it as DXF, no fiddle or any working example i found online please help me.
Hi All
Can anybody point me in the right direction to install maker locally, what files will be required to run it.
Thank you 


Typings usually don't need to be installed by the end user. I didn't find any hint towards them actually being used in the code, so we can keep these 368 KB from being downloaded in production.

Hey. I don’t understand which object to transfer as the last argument to 

`new Text (font: opentype.Font, text: string, fontSize: number, combine ?: boolean, centerCharacterOrigin ?: boolean, bezierAccuracy ?: number, opentypeOptions ?: opentype.RenderOptions): Text, `

because I have `opentype.RenderOptions === undefined`?

And how do I make a thin (neat) font?

[bad font](https://ibb.co/r0rRV6t)

Just like to say what a great  resource
Would be great to have the parameters boxes to sit along side each other , you could keep  x - y
co-ordinates  together and perhaps not include the slider part.
I don't know if this is something you can do at the moment ? 
AutoCAD does not accept files with color code 0.
When exporting dxf, the default color is black and is defined as 0 in core/exporter.ts
0 is an invalid value for autocad and it will fail to open the file for it.
The right black value is 255.