I think I figured out why crons are randomly hanging. Don't have a quick solution, just a workaround, probably others can share their thoughts in this convo.

What seems to be happening is that due to be set to the full minute, cron is starting simultaneously with the NTP time update. So if the system time has drifted ahead, it can happen that tasks get an end time BEFORE the start time. Then we're hanging.

As a workaround I suggest to set the cron times not to the full minute but some seconds offset. If there are some better ideas out there, pls share.
I've tried to resolve all issues with the current set up guide on Ubuntu 16.04 and I keep hitting a brick wall.  Something never works.

Before stratum, I should have been able to mine without it.  Didn't work, I tried digging in debug info and protocol details but couldn't spot anything helpful to resolve the issue, aside from HTTP continue and HTTP forbidden.  This was with the fork of pooler's cpuminer, cpu-multiminer I think.  And it's not clear in the guide what URL to visit: http://poolservername/MPOS/public?  

Tried to install stratum and stratum-mining, the 'requires SSL' problem keeps popping up, and that python setup.py/setuptools no longer works for distributed.

I know this is a complex process, but could an experienced good samaritan please update the current guide for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS at least, better yet Ubuntu 18.04 LTS.

More details on testing with a different coin, like a new sha256d PoW coin (just a Bitcoin with new genesis and a few blocks) would be very useful.

And in what order to install everything and how does MPOS, stratum, stratum-server and how does NOMP and MPOS all fit together?  That would be a very interesting and useful read, if only at a high level overview.
Just noticed that entering maintenance while a cron is running will lead to the 'active' flag in the DB never being reset and there for the affected cron needs a forced manual run. 

Naughty thing is that the only warning message we receive is the user complaining about non-processed payouts...
I'm having this issue with 2 new wallets using  0.16.xx (Digibyte and LiteCoinCash for example)
Everything else working fine, but no way to make auto payments work and I must do manual payments.
I checked all rpc info (user, password, port) and it's all good. Otherwise nothing else will work, 

Any tip to fix that issue? anyone else?


Since some of use use remote MySQL Setups, the load avg setting was not properly working as it was only checking local load and not remote, added the option to check remote load instead.

Payouts fields were not accepting decimals, hardcoded this, will do a proper fix later