Hello,

I set the screen orientation in mpv settings (General) to "Automatic" and the Android device to "Auto rotate".

When I open a video file, the video is always in landscape mode, even though the device is in portrait mode.

When I try to rotate the device somehow so that the video is automatically displayed in portrait mode, it does not work. 

Only the landscape mode can be changed. 😢

-- Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Android 9) + mpv (2019-11-03-alpha)
Hello,

I have set the screen orientation to automatic.

When I open a music file with cover and turn the device to landscape mode or turn it back to portrait mode. The cover is completely shifted and not in its original position. 😢


-- Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Android 9) + mpv (2019-11-03-alpha)
https://github.com/mpv-android/mpv-android/issues/228#issuecomment-575831504

Hello,

I think the view in "Pick File" should be improved. It is very tiring for me to find the right files, because not all or part of the name + extension is shown.

This is how I know it from standard File Manager app:
Mom.and.friends.2019.10.10birthday.in.Missouri River.mp3
->
Mom.and.friends.2....Missouri River.mp3


Maybe also in combination while holding down a file, a small bar appears to see the full name + extension.
Hello,

I use the current mpv Android version: 2019-11-03-alpha on my Android 9 Samsung Galaxy S9+ device (no root).

I only use the standard File Manager app from the Android device to open videos (recorded videos from the camera).

When I open the first video file, exactly this video file is played in mpv. Background playback function is on.

I quickly go back to standard File Manager app and tap a second video file. But when I do that in mpv not the second video file is played, but only the first one 😥

What now?
- mpv-android version: 2019-11-03-alpha
- Android 9 device (Samsung Galaxy A50)

I don't find the "conf" area so intuitive.

It can't be scrolled down there and it often happens when users are used to scroll down. Appears in "conf" area immediately highlighted, so a text selected. Although the user did not actually want to, but only wanted to scroll down.
- mpv-android version: 2019-11-03-alpha
- Android 9 device (Samsung Galaxy A50)

The file view disappears in the path `/` after tapping once on the first purple folder.
If you want to go back to the default path `/sdcard`, you have to quit the app.
- mpv-android version: 2019-11-03-alpha

I left hardware decoding enabled in the settings. But would like to make additional settings for hwdec.
For example, I cannot use `hwdec-codecs=hevc`, nothing happens. When I open other video files that do not have a hevc codec, hardware decoding is still used.
Hello,

is there a possibility to use or disable only certain touch gestures e.g. brightness?
People,

mpv has been my goto media player on Linux for many years so thanks for mpv-amdroid!

I would like to create my first Android app - partly as an exercise but also recreating something I have done with a script on Linux calling mpv to play a sequence of MP3s.  Is it possible to call mpv-android from a minimal Android app I make?

Thanks,
Phil.
Tried with many different video files and everytime the sharpen option stops video from outputting.