I just added some missing imports and a comment about how to use `view` with a different backend (e.g. PyQt5).

Hi all,

I've tried running the P300 notebook with a Muse 2 using Python 3 and muse-lsl 2.0.1 on a Linux machine. Besides a couple fixes on imports that I can add with a PR, I couldn't get the `stimulus.start()` + `recording.start()` section to work. 
The Muse is correctly working and I can view the stream, but when I get to that section it either fails with a "Cannot find EEG stream" message or, if I invert the order of the calls, with an exception related to an empty list (sorry, I don't have the full exception handy at the moment, but I can attach it later).
The interesting bit is that, if I start the stimulus and press "Esc" within a couple seconds, the EEG stream will actually be found; the markers will not be found anyway, but the recording will go on. Any ideas on what it could be?
Hello,
I was able to get the scripts to run - such a cool project! thank you.
I tried to get a video presentation to work, but I failed. After overcoming psychopy-video difficulties, I am able to run a video-presentation script (essentially the version that is in psychopy's examples), but when I try to interface that script with the run_experiment.py files, which call the multiprocessing/pool functions, then it fails. I tried to refactor the code, but it seems that the video + multiprocessing doesn't work (i have an intuition why that might be the case, but couldn't find much on the web). Does anybody have deeper insights or ideas for how to make it work?  
best r

SSVEP stimulus presentation crashes on Windows due to the `mywin.getActualFramerate` function returning None. Unfortunately, even increasing the nMaxFrames parameters doesn't seem to allow the function to resolve with a return value.

This may likely be a surface pro related issue due to unusual display properties
Issue encountered on Windows using a new Python 3 Miniconda install.

Installing HDF5 tools didn't solve issue (and required a bullshit account registration).

Switching to Python 2 has allowed us to bypass issue
As we gather more and more data it'll be important to have a clear specification for how it'll look. 

Fortunately, the hard work in designing a structure for orgaizing neuroimaging data has already been done by the BIDS project.

I propose we refactor our current data folder to the BIDS format shown here in this template: https://github.com/INCF/BIDS-Starter-Kit/tree/master/templates

We'll also have to change the notebooks to record data in the appropriate dirs
Psychopy loads and the entire screen fills with the grey background, but none of the images in N170, P300, etc. are displayed
Running into a critical error in the psychopy stimulus generation scripts related to setting the screen's gamma values: `RuntimeError: Gamma ramp size is reported as 0.`

Apparently, this is currently unresolved issue that the team is aware of: https://discourse.psychopy.org/t/gamma-problem-in-v1-90-2/4549/5

The quick fix in the forum thread above works: setting the `winType` paramter in `psychopy.visual.Window()` to 'pygame'
