
Hello,

My Manjaro notebook has create_ap to share WiFi from the router to other devices just like now typing Windows laptop.

create_ap works "generally" properly but when download with high speeds. Really annoying that notebook stuck to connect router and share WiFi after that downloading process begins. It suddenly drops the connection what I use as an ap notebook to router and then other devices can not get Internet as a result.

I've used -nat also normal WiFi sharing mods on create_ap both dropped after download beginnings. Bridge even no Internet on the ap notebook. 

- Manjaro notebook is Lenovo e10
- It has TP-Link _(TL-WN722N)_ dongle to get better signals from the router

I can not download anything without connection breaks, always have to stop current process and restart create_ap which time consuming and ridiculous. So how to solve this annoying issue?
Thanks
I am using a Lan for connecting to the internet, which my mac address is registered to the ISP, so I only can connect via one device.
I am using create_ap script I have hidden my SSID and also changed the mac address, but is there any other settings I can do make it difficult for anyone to detect my identity that I have shared a Hotspot?
 i am usin manjaro 18 and i have mis system updated...and when i ejecute create script apt the system crash and for work again i need pus the power button and shudown the laptop
i use this syntaxis 
create_ap -w 2 --no-virt wlo1 enp0s20f0u2 SSID password 

i have hostapd v2.9

On Ubuntu 18.04 - If I use the create_ap command on our router to setup the WiFi interface and connect to it with multiple devices, here is what happens:
* I can connect from any client device to the external internet.
* I can ping the router from any client.
* I can ping any client from the router.
* I cannot ping one client from another client.

So it seems like there is some issues with routing within the subnet. When I try to ping from one client to another I can see that the ARP request makes its way to the router but is not propagated to the other client device. Any tips on what to look for would be appreciated.
Hi, how to start second AP, when hostapd already running?
Config dir: /tmp/create_ap.wlp5s0.conf.AdBTYRH1
PID: 29195
Network Manager found, set ap0 as unmanaged device... DONE
wlp5s0 is already associated with channel 11 (2462 MHz), fallback to channel 11
Creating a virtual WiFi interface... ap0 created.
Sharing Internet using method: nat
iptables v1.8.3 (legacy): unknown option "--to-ports"
Try `iptables -h' or 'iptables --help' for more information.

Doing cleanup.. done
Consider the following scenario: a SBC running Ubuntu 16.04 generates an AP with the command
`create_ap -n wlan0 mynetwork mypassword `
A device connected to the AP sends some WIFI credentials to the SBC. At the next reboot, the SBC connects to the WIFI network instead of generating an AP. 
I tried to implement this pipeline. Since the create_ap script sets the interface as unmanaged for NetworkManager, I tried to run:
`nmcli dev set wlan0 managed yes `
`nmcli dev wifi connect "mynetwork" password "mypassword"`

But this is not working. Is there some other setting that is changed by `create_ap` that I have to take into account?
Avoid that everyone have to search for the error message, find #384 and then remove the file.
Just put that in the error message directly.
Hi, under my Rpi3 (with Archlinux Arm) I've installed Pi-hole and so the required `pi-hole-ftl`, but since it conflicts with `dnsmasq` I had to remove it and now the script `create_ap` doesn't work anymore. 

Since I've read that pi-hole-ftl it's just a fork of dnsmasq, is there any chance to get it working by pi-hole side? 

Thanks
Marco