Hello, I linked my phone with my pc by usb3.0, open the hotpot of pc, open the wifi of phone and make phone connect to the hotpot of pc. Unfortunately, I got a trouble in AndroidStudio：Unable to connect to device 'MI_5'. Make sure that your computer and your device are connected to the same WiFi network. Could u tell me how to fix it? The info of my IDE is as follows：

Android Studio 3.3.2
Build #AI-182.5107.16.33.5314842, built on February 16, 2019
JRE: 1.8.0_152-release-1248-b01 amd64
JVM: OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM by JetBrains s.r.o
Windows 10 10.0
I plug my phone in and AS lets me run my app but ADB dose not see my phone it is a one plus 6t maybe there is no support is my guess 

Thank you in advance for any help.
After clicking Connect, android studio prompted "Unable to connect to device......Same network"
and on device, it prompted for permission.
After allowed on device, click "Connect" on android studio, looping the issue.

Please help. Thanks.
Hi All,

I am working on two apps that use a Wifi Direct connection to connect to each other. I wanted to use this to update one of the apps as I make very frequent changes to the code. However, when I connect my laptop to the Wifi Direct network Wifi ADB still gives me the "Please connect to the same Wifi network" error. What can I do to fix this?

Thanks, Washingdone
Message
Plugin Error: Android WiFi ADB threw an uncaught ConcurrentModificationException.
connect success  but next studio stuck
It is possible to connect without using a cable at all (at least on some devices). All the information needed is IP address of the device. Is it possible to implement inputting of IP address within the plugin GUI? It would be much more convenient if a cable is not required.
Hi.
I've successfully used the plugin before, but after updating Android Studio it doesn't work anymore.

Android Wifi ADB version: 2.4
Android Studio version: 2.3.3
JRE: 1.8.0

Steps
1. Check that both computer and device are connected to the same Wi-Fi.
2. Connect device via USB; Android Studio recognizes it.
3. Connect with Android WiFi ADB, disconnect USB.
4. Try to run the app; the device isn't shown on the deployment targets dialog.
5. Disconnect from Android WiFi ADB; an error is shown: 'Unable to disconnect device, make sure that your computer and your device are connected to the same network'.

[**I've uploaded a video showing the steps.**](https://vimeo.com/223328935)
Add settings options of Auto-Connect when connect USB ？
can't connect android studio 2.3
always give the error please connect with the same network.
I already connected with the same network