Only in IOS a bot linline query does not send the location
Ability to edit and see timezone for the contacts.
Hello, do you add support for votes?
Hello
I just noticed that if you have a channel with hashtags and instant view of telegra.ph links per example, if you click on a hashtag then the links of instant view or any external link wont open. 

Tested on ios
Thank you. 
The issue is the one described in the title.

I'm not sure if this happens also also with Telegram Android app (without X) but I find incredibly frustrating that Telegram X (version 17 Dec 2018 by telegram LLC) is triggering a notification for any new message following a pinned one even if I set "mute notifications forever".

Am I the only experiencing this? 

On a side note,(off topic) why doesn't telegram x support calls? (unless someone called before, but that means I need to go back to the message to call. There is no call button in the UI) 
Hi. 
I would like to have a feature showing only unread channels, group, and chats. Sometimes I'm trying to find all unread chats, and searching is annoying me. It's the first missing feature.

Second missed feature is tabbed filters for channels and group chats. I use telegram as team messenger, also I use it for private communications. It will be nice to have something like a switch between work and personal channels/groups.
I'm using telegram x on my xiaomi poco phone F1 Android 9 mi ui 10.2 and have issue with photo app in telegram, it straches photo vertically, how to fix it?

I just encountered this serious bug on my iOS client and I basically locked myself out.

Steps to reproduce:
1. Settings > Privacy & security > Passcode & Touch ID
2. Turn on passcode
3. Input a 4 digit passcode, twice
4. Switch on Touch ID (otherwise you won’t be able to login at all)
5. Turn off Simple Passcode option
6. Enter a complex passcode, twice

Now, if you lock your chats or time out period expires you will be presented with the 4 digit input form (or the Touch ID input)! You are now locked out of managing your passcode forever...

iOS 12.1.2
Telegram 5.1.1
I think it got broken after you switched to Swift. To easily test it, try typing `@DexRoBot test` in a chat and force touch one of the results. (All of them have an URL attached)