The recent releases are here:  https://www.apkmirror.com/apk/oneplus-ltd/oneplus-camera/oneplus-camera-3-8-96-release/

Possible issue is on device the app just shows as "Camera" however manually downloading the latest version from that link did do an update to the existing app.

I was on v3.8.83 and it upgraded me to v3.8.96 which was released yesterday.  Timing issue?
Please add apk download dir and ability to download only this updates to this dir, not install.
Also it will be great if you will keep apkmirror's apk names convention like apkmirror do, like:
com.google.android.apps.recorder_1.1.284933798-11000903_minAPI28(arm64-v8a)(nodpi)_apkmirror.com.apk
for all repos you use.


Please add link to the app home page inside app.
also, it is great to add automatic update of app itself from github.
Would be a nice addition. 
This may have been touched upon regarding app releases. Both APKMirror and Aptoide post user uploaded versions ...ex. Adguard nightly's... which I don't want to install but they still show up in the "Updates Tab" even though I have checked *exclude "experimental" builds* in settings. I'd rather not "Ignore" apps in the apps list tab because I may miss an update that I really need. Hopefully a "skip" option can be added either through a button or pop-up sub-menu.
Add possibility to add a GitHub or GitLab link for an app and the app automatically search for new versions for it (Newpipe or Bromite for example) 
Useful for apps we develop (debugging, so that it won't offer us to update to a new version...
When apps are updating there are no notifications.
we don't know where the download and installation is.
It is possible to add notification in notification bar to see progress of download ?
Since the update notification is not persistent (can be swiped away/dismissed), why does it keep popping up (with notify sound) even though I have acknowledged (tapped the notification which opens the app)? It almost seems like it's caught in a loop, because the notification does dismiss after tapping it but once the app opens.. with the "update in progress" wheel showing and finishing... the notification appears again notifying of updates again w/ sound (annoying after awhile).
I also should mention that this only happens during the set update timeframe.. if out of that frame, I can open the app, it will look for updates and if found.. no notification pop-up.
Just seems a little bizarre how the whole update notification process works.
Very minor, but liked the "old" style app-icon more (without the magnifier) more. One idea.
https://images.app.goo.gl/556LJP2dhLoJPGg59