Hi, I ran into an issue with styled components (based on the Codepen demo). It seems that using lazy children does not work, except when its the only child.

I have forked the Codepen: https://codesandbox.io/s/solid-emotion-psw9k

It works fine as long as `LazyChild` is the only child. Once I add another child (doesnt matter whether lazy or not), it breaks.
i find this router for solid
(https://github.com/mduclehcm/solid-router)[solid-router]

would this apply to the related projects section?
I've had many people ask me about SSR. In fact, it's probably the most requested feature. So far I've made it mechanically possible to do rehydration in the client for non-asynchronous rendered cases. Using JSDOM or similar we can run Solid on the server to generate fake DOM nodes that can be stringified.

I don't know enough about the topic of SSR and Isomorphic Libraries to know beyond that how they are expected to work.  Nor am I the best suited to spearhead this as I have no reason, outside of requests, to look into this. It's just not an area where I do work. I've been working hard to improve clientside performance to a point that TTI speed and Service worker caching makes the whole thing mute for high-performance Web Apps and PWAs. But I know there are other use cases out there, and that the research especially being done with React and Next.js is impressive. But I'm much more incentivized to show far we can optimize SPAs.

Currently, I am not really clear even what the essential building blocks are. Routing obviously comes to mind. But I'm unclear on isomorphic patterns there. How are lifecycles and asynchronous requests handled? Lazy loaded components? How do things differ between static site generation and otherwise? What sort of tooling is useful? If anyone has experience in these areas it would be invaluable.

I realize people are looking for libraries and frameworks for opinions here, but I haven't formed them. I will work with anyone interested to make Solid be able to handle the mechanicals. Unless others help take it on though I don't see SSR progressing in the next 6 months. I have a lot of other work to get done to make Solid better.

### What can I do to Help?

Join the conversation. I'm free to chat at length about this on gitter. Post in this thread what you'd like to see. Or any Solid specific insights you have from your experience with other SSR libraries. If you think you might have answers to any of my questions above please shed some light on the issues. 

Thank you.
This is a great library and builds on the shortcomings of some big libraries out there. Absolutely prefer DOM library over virtual DOM implementation. 
Thanks for this great effort. 💯 

I have a couple of questions: 
- Does anyone know of a css-in-js (styled) library that could work with solid out of the box? 
- What is the React.createElement equivalent for solid.js if someone were to write a port of @emotion/styled or something similar?

Thanks
I am not a visual artist. I used a logo generator. I think at some point in the near future Solid needs to get a real logo. Now I'm not necessarily inviting an open free for all as I don't want to waste anyone's time but I could definitely benefit from some help.
Have you considered moving the main chat to discordapp?

there are many advantages to it
In the docs it appears only objects and arrays can be tracked.  I have a WebGL app that I'm considering porting over and have concerns about the sheer amount of hidden classes being generated by v8 if using objects for highly volatile data instead of maps.  Is the a right way to do this with setState where it's not an issue?  I'm sure bulk edits can help.  Thanks
I have adjusted the control flow type signatures based on the refined `JSX.Element` type. The compiler has already revealed a few interesting things:

- I tried to remove most of the `any` in the control flow signatures to actually make use of the compiler.
- In some cases a value `false` can be returned, which was not on the list of allowed values you mentioned. This currently requires `as any as JSX.Element` casts. If this is legal we can add it to the `JSX.Element` definition.
- The show control flow allowed transforms to undefined, which is also not supported so far. I've removed the possibility to have an undefined return value.
- The switch element would have bugs it gets arbitrary JSX children, only one or multiple match elements seem to work. I have narrowed down the allowed children to that.
- The portal element currently doesn't fit into the JSX.Element type. I have left it out so far.
- There was a compilation error in `suspense.ts` which I have fixed by adding NodeJS types (but does `NodeJS.Timeout` work in the browser?).

If you feel uneasy of narrowing down the types at this moment, feel free to keep the PR open for now. I can update it as Solid continues to develop. Just wanted to give you an impression how it could look eventually.
hey @ryansolid 

i was wondering if you could add some idiomatic demos for something like this:

https://domvm.github.io/domvm/demos/playground/#lifecycle-hooks
https://domvm.github.io/domvm/demos/playground/#scoreboard