One feature lacking in Colab and something it desperately needs is a notification system on disconnect or cell completion. It would be great if jupyter-notify supported Colab, as I'm already used to this feature. Cheers and thanks in advance!
Javascript Error: $ is not defined

Let's say I have one function I need to use in many cells. Instead of adding the magic for every cell, I would prefer to activate the notification at the function level. Therefore, I could only insert "%%notify" once in the notebook.

This adds support for jupyterlab. It injects the missing jquery library in contexts where it is missing. This has been tested against jupyter lab 0.35.5.

Fixes #33 .
It would be really nice to be able to get only notification when kernel is free after executing one or more cells. 
E.g., if I run 10 cells and turn on notify, it will will notifiy me 10 times but I want to get only one notification. Many a times, when I run a deep learning model, only one cell like training cell will take long but I also run other cells, so that when one cell is completed, others are automatically run. I want to keep using the feature that notification disappears only when I click, So I have to click cross 10 times when 10 cells are run.
This adds a -b/--only-in-background option that will only notify if the Jupyter notebook is in the background. This allows you to use something like `%autonotify -b -a 5`, which will notify on every cell execution over 5 seconds long, but only if you have switched windows or tabs. I think this is a pretty good experience as if the window is active you will already see that the cell has finished execution, and can avoid the extra notification.
I see the notification works well with notebook,
but when I swithed to jupyter lab, it turns out:
"JavaScript output is disabled in JupyterLab"


I really love this magic command, but it only works on Jupyter notebook and not jupyter lab for some reason. 

I was hoping that you could extend this magic command so that it also works for jupyter lab. 

Thank you!
As suggested by @Darel13712 .  We should check for internet connectivity first, load a better one from the internet if we're connected, and then fallback to the local favicon if not.