
When sharing a web link through Simple-Notes, the target note gets corrupted and opening it crashes the application. The application crashes even when the note shows in the tabs upper row,  not even needed to open it. Because of this, I cannot delete the corrupted notes, as to delete them I would have to open them first; and cannot open the notes next to the corrupted.
Hello, the option specified seems to have no impact when using the app. Anytime I open the note, the cursor automatically scrolls down to the end of the note. When switching between the notes, it  remembers the last position of the cursor where i left it UNTIL I close the app. Then, when opening again, the cursor scrolls down on all the notes. Could it be fixed / or (even better) extended the opposite direction? I use one file for all quick notes and new notes write to the top in order to see the most recent text in the widget, however when I open it, the text scrolls down to the end of the file which is kind of annoying, especially if you have a lot of notes there. For example ColorNote which I left to SN was capable of this function, however SN is better in a lot of ways :-).


P.S sending a small donation, cause SMT is an awesome idea based project.
What do you think about a thumbnail like layout for opening note, showing some initial context of each note (10-15 words). This could be an 3rd alternative as start screen.

Main Advantage: 
Dont have to remember the map  of  name => notes

- Allows quick navigation to the wanted note. 
- A single screen can show 4 or more notes at the same time for opening
- sort by last edited  

If that sounds good, I am happy to submit a PR.  

When I choose huge, I don’t think it’s big enough.I want the font size to be displayed in numbers
Sharing to non-current note doesn't yield any text, so sharing needs to be done twice -first time to activate the note with zero text inserted, second time to actually insert the text.

It looks like a bug.
Version 6.1.3 F-Droid
After trying to import the Downloads folder (which is rather big and contains a bunch of non-text files, e.g. pdfs, jpgs, m4as) the app crashes every time I try to start it. I even tried to restart, to no avail.
It would be very useful if a user would be zble to select whether the note's title will be visible at the top of note widgets (especially for checklist notes that are similar).
Currently the vertical space between two checklist items in a checklist widget is rather large, and limits the useful space of a widget considerably. It would be very useful to have this space reduced to normal inter-paragraph space, or even better, make it configurable either by percentage or by class (little space, normal space, and large space for instance).