Hello, you can add indicator fast scroll.

https://github.com/reddit/IndicatorFastScroll

It is more convenient to reach the contacts by clicking on the letter
I bought a new Android 10 phone and disabled Google Contacts app without ever using it even once. I installed Simple Contacts from F-Droid and tried to manually add my first contact. I was provided no option at the bottom of the contact edit screen to associate the contact with either my Google account or phone storage, yet I was permitted to save the contact. However, the newly added contact was not shown anywhere. Only later did I discover that the new contact was saved in phone storage.

Similarly, I was not provided an option to associate an imported VCF file with my Google account either. There seemed to be no way to get Simple Contacts to initialize the contacts database associated with my Google account.

The workaround was to re-enable the Google Contacts app, use it to manually add a temporary contact, launch Simple Contacts so that it would actually see the new contact, and only then could I disable the Google Contacts app again (and delete the temporary contact).

Obviously Simple Contacts should not require Google Contacts as a dependency, even if only temporarily.

Simple Contacts v6.5.1
Google Pixel 3a
Android 10
Hello Tibor, 

I tried replacing Google's _Phone_ and _Contacts_ app with _Simple Contacts_ on my Moto G7 power (XT1955-4, Android 9). However, when I place a call, even though the call connects and I can see/hear it on the called device, there is no call screen or dialog on my phone that would allow me to hang up, mute, etc. .
I disabled Google Play Services on my phone, if that is relevant. Does _Simple Contacts_ simply not have a call screen yet or is there anything I can do?

Thank you for your support and all you do!
J.B.




1. From a POI in OsmAnd (v3.5.5), tap the phone number
2. Open it with Simple Dialer (v6.5.1)

With the Google Phone app, this opens the dialer with the selected phone number filled in.

With Simple Dialer, the phone number field is empty.
Is it possible to add a role field in the contacts.
below (in French)
"Business"
"Computer"
"role"

cordially

Est il possible d'ajouter un champs rôle dans les contacts.
en dessous de
"Entreprise"
"Poste"
"role"

Cordialement
At the moment, if I do a search, click on one of the results, realise it's the wrong contact and click back, I am returned to the full list of contacts and have to do the search again. This is annoying, especially as there is no search history.

Would it be possible to change it to return to the search results in this situation?
If I edit an address in a contact then save the contact, two addresses now show in the contact (both the original and the edited version). If I try to edit again, only the edited version shows up, so there seems to be no way to delete the old address. I eventually managed to delete the old address in a different contacts app.

6.5.1 from F-Droid.
While either creating or editing a contact, I am unable to select a photo. "An unknown error occured". It happens both when trying to take a new picture, or select from existing. Regardless of which gallery app (including simple gallery) I use, as soon as I select an image (before having a chance of cropping), the action is cancelled and the "unknown error" message pops up.
Images are stored internally, no sd-card slot on device.
The error occurs for contacts on all accounts; "phone storage", google, SIM ... 

Photos set by other apps are displayed properly.
Both contacts and gallery apps have full permissions (and I've reset all app setting, thinking it might be because I've disabled some background google service)
more info at email from Rolf on 9th december