Export at higher resolution is not possible. Using Brushes Redux 3 on ipad2 and viewer 1.3.5 on mac high sierra. Messages: "viewer 32-bits is not compatible with macOS High Sierra 64-bits technology." And: "Brushes Viewer can't be updated when it's running from a read-only volume like a disk image or an optical drive. Move Brushes Viewer to your Applications folder, relaunch it from there, and try again." But it is already in the App folder, and relaunched. And: "Document could not be opened." Viewer can only open the included samples. Also, the older version v1 of the viewer offered on your site is actually the later version. In short, no useful export is possible. Please help. 

Hello,

When I try to create new canvas then select some brush and color, then when i try to draw on canvas. it draw nothing

Can you help me with this ?

Thanks
Hi, I recently got a new phone and have downloaded the app on it but i can't get any of my old pictures on it. Any ideas how to retrieve them (i accidentally deleted the app on my old phone and the pictures have gone on that too) 
Thanks in advance 
Since Dropbox was updated it no longer works in the current version of Brushes Redux. But you can use iCloud which works beautifully. 

Message to Brushes Redux developer please update the app so that Dropbox works in this.
I just got an email suggesting the Brushes Redux integration will soon be stopping, unless changes are made:
"On September 28, 2017, we’ll be making some changes to Dropbox that will likely affect the following 3rd party apps linked to your Dropbox account: Brushes Redux."

I personally use the app all the time and use Dropbox to store my paintings... and even for easy way to move paintings from iPhone to finish off on iPad.

Any developers still interested in helping fix Brushes Redux?
I would like to download and share a copy of the Brushes  for ipad/iphone version  2.2.3 as it has been withdrawn from the App store . Is this possible and if I want multiple copies is there a fee?
Many thanks 

Julie 

Error in C99
I cannot run the project, when I create a new draw, it stays all blank... it was working with older xcode...anyone?
I used ipad. It was error to open pictures. How to restore?
I don' want to lose my masterpiece
Pls feedback ASAP
aonsmile@yahoo.com