First off, thank you for the work.

Anyways, I was wondering why are there apps that are not very well known what they actually do, examples: 

```
Joyose (com.xiaomi.joyose)
Hybrid Accessory (com.miui.hybrid.accessory)
UniPlay Services (com.milink.service)
```

There are some that might make sense what they do, but  actually we still don't know: 

```
Catchlog (com.bsp.catchlog)
Translation services (which doesn't ask for any permissions) (few from kingsoft, xmcloud, youdao)
Yellow Pages (heard it breaks stuff like contacts, no source though) (com.miui.yellowpage)
PAI (android.autoinstalls.config.Xiaomi."device_code_name")
```

There are a few more, how ever I am genuinely interested why they are thrown in there when the app is supposed to provide stuff that are proven (as much one could) to not break anything, but at the same time I haven't found a thread on most of the above.

Thank you.
If window is maximized, not all elements are stretching to fill space.
Most useful & simple to use tool.

1. Can a facility be added so as other adb / adb shell command can be run from tool. i.e. many user faces issue of google back up. They need to run commands like adb shell,  bmgr run,  bmgr backupnow --all,  bmgr backupnow appdata, bmgr list transports, bmgr enabled, bmgr enable true,  etc etc.   I do not suggest to provide all above and other user helpful commands as pre-configured, but if at least a facility to initiate ADB Shell may be provide to get device prompt.
2. To add space by uninstalling app  & also ensuring privacy by clearing all data , can you add following method while removing any app.  First force stop, clear catch, clear all data & then uninstall app
3. Also please if we can export the list for all 4 tabs of the tool as separate text files for keeping record of apps uninstalled & disabled, which can be useful in case of situation when tool can not be used and manual change is needed to be done.


Best Regards


I saw the previous issue #54 and I know you don't want to add all possible apps to the default list, but here are some additional ones that I tested can be safely removed and are all Xiaomi bloat:

"Gallery;com.miui.gallery",
"WMService;com.miui.wmsvc",
"Weather;com.miui.weather2",
"NextPay;com.miui.nextpay",
"MiSound;com.miui.misound",
"MiPlayClient;com.xiaomi.miplay_client",
"mi_connect_service;com.xiaomi.mi_connect_service",
"XiaomiAccount;com.xiaomi.account"

Gallery is the Xiaomi photo gallery which is useless once you install Google Photos. WMService is some kind of analytics thing. Weather is useless if you remove their default widget and don't use the Weather app. NextPay, MiSound, and MiPlayClient don't seem to have icons in the Global rom and removing them doesn't seem to have had any bad effects. The mi_connect_service I honestly don't know, but removing it hasn't caused any issues. And XiaomiAccount is unnecessary once the phone has been setup, and removing it completely kills the Xiami account section in Settings.

Out of all of these, I think the Gallery is the most useful for most users as it's an extra un-removable useless home screen icon if you're using Google Photos. The others I removed because I want as little Xiaomi tracking and services installed as possible. If you can include these in the default app list that would be great, if not, no worries.