What were you thinking?

Whenever I try to update an attribute of the user, the password validations kick in and throws an error because no password is sent to the update.

I don't want to turn off validations and use save(false) everywhere but registration. And I want to use update_attributes(params[:user]) since it's very convenient.

Is there a way to only have the password validations kick in when the password is supposed to be validated (ie on registration and password change)?

Thanks!

Hi

Our ROR portal, using this plugin, has a huge databse of users, for each user the authentication data (username, password, salt) was saved in database (Varchar types, MySql).

We need now to authenticate this huge user database in java application. Now, I could found ANY INFO on how this plugins generates salted hashes.

For using the authentication data in java, we need to assume something like this:

Pluging takes raw password, appends SALT, then make a digest, and then this data is saved as BASE-64 encoded string.

Can you please give the exact formula on how the encrypted password are generated ?

Thanks in advance, m.

README was kinda hard to read. All the relative links are still broken, but I've fixed the code block rendering and most of the external links.

DEPRECATION WARNING: Rake tasks in vendor/plugins/restful_authentication/tasks are deprecated.

Use lib/tasks instead. (called from /home/benoror/app/vendor/rails/railties/lib/tasks/rails.rb:10)

I'm prep'ing an app for upgrading to rails 3. I want to switch plugins to gems where possible so I can manage them with bundler and more easily upgrade everything to the latest versions.

I found restful-authentication has a gemspec with:
    s.version = "1.1.1"

But I had no luck installing that version, or any, via the rubygems.org gem source.

There may be a good argument for using restful-authentication just as a plugin, but in general, gems with bundler does make managing versions easier and I'd have saved 10 mins if "gem install restful-authentication -v 1.3.0" had just worked.

I'd really appreciate it if you can publish restful-authentication to rubygems, and I'm sure it would help many others too.

Cheers,
Chris

Just happened to notice a duplicate action. Please feel free to pull it

when use:rails g authenticated user sessions 
error :Could not find generator authenticated

Hey, feel free to pull this minor change that fixes errors when running rspec against a MySQL database that look like the following:

ActiveRecord::StatementInvalid in 'UsersController does not activate user with blank key'
Mysql::Error: Incorrect datetime value: '2010-12-05 04:11:14 -0600' for column 'remember_token_expires_at' at row 1:

-Shannon

It would be great if we could install restful-authentication using script/plugin.
