 (at Assets/NewtonVR/NVRPlayer.cs:244) NewtonVR.NVRPlayer:Awake() (at Assets/NewtonVR/NVRPlayer.cs:193)
Tried to use it with Oculus Quest (which uses the same OVR SDK), but it was super frustrating.

There was no support in the editor (I would expect to use FPS movement controls in the editor, like in VRTK), but you're just stuck with a floor level camera...

I tried to build the project and run it on the quest, and also, stuck at floor level on the Camera.

I moved the NVRPlayer->Head game object up and that worked, but nothing I tried enabled the hands or any kind of controller support (let alone joystick movement...) -- I even tried dragging the sphere prefab in, and nothing worked. ðŸ™

Also I would expect it to detect my height and use that properly (or at least use the height of the prefab robot guy).
- Remove mass-based article link. Link is dead.
- Rearrange words to improve readability. "Items can be configured to be picked up at any point, or when grabbed, can rotate and position themselves to match a predefined orientation." -> "Items can be configured to retain their orientation when grabbed, or rotate and position themselves to a predefined orientation."
- "...option to dynamically let the controllers turn into physical objects..." -> "...option to dynamically turn the controllers into physical objects..."

Ran into some null values when I try to clone the object that the player is currently holding; this fixes the bug I encountered.
How can I test the example by using HTC VIVE instead of Oculus?
Hi, I'm developing a VR project in Unity and I'm using the NVR asset. After HTC pro firmware update and Unity update 2018.2.2 my whole project fell apart. After i try to play my scene the fps drops to hell (one and lower) and often the whole unity freezes. The same goes for earlier backups of the project. Any other game or app for VR were running fine. The weird thing is Unity used 3% of GPU max at the time.
After some search I found out it was caused by NVR somehow and once i removed it from the project everything ran smoothly again. I wonder if anyone had the same problem or if there is any fix available or at least coming up. I would be glad to be able to use NVR instead of writing all the interactions for myself.
My setup:
Unity 2018.2.2
Intel Core i7 6920HQ 
RAM 64GB DDR4
GeForce GTX 1080 8GB GDDR5X SLI
SSD 512GB
Latest graphic drivers
I'm sure it's not a HW related problem and fps shouldn't drop.
When im testing the game inside the unity editor, there isn't an issue. However when i build the game, it seems like the script stops working and the raycast no longer shows up when i press the button to teleport. Any help would be appreciated since im clueless.
When I was testing Newton VR on Unity2017 3.0f3, I figured out that The triggers and grips are working both fine but ...
The NVRButton.X/NVRButton.Y/NVRButton.A/NVRButton.B key are all mapped to the X key on Oculus touch controller, and The real Y/A/B keys can never be triggered.
Newton VR 1.24 and 1.4 packages both have this. Plz fix it.
I can't seem to work out where there is an event or a bool that declares the HMD is tracking (or has lost tracking). Advice much appreciated.

Thanks!
I'm having issues using custom hand models. 

After setting the prefabs in the "override hand models for Oculus SDK", I don't know how to set the orientation of the hand models (tried changing the orientation of the prefabs to no avail) and everytime I press grab in playmode, a second custom hand appears, so I got two right hands while holding the grab button. I tried to set up a collider as a child game object on trigger, but suddenly I had three hands and the collider were not on trigger.

Is there any documentation or tutorial for setting up custom hands?

Edit: The double hand model appears (independently if it's a custom model or not) if I turn OFF "Automatically Set Controller Transparency" when I press the grab button for colliding with objects, one hand behaves correctly as a collider while the other hand goes through the colliding object.

Edit (2): If I leave "Automatically Set Controller Transparency" ON by default, I'm still getting double hands when using custom hands.


