There are "Connection lost..." messages flashing, e.g. on http://voltframework.com

Are you planning to integrate support for disconnected operation and re-sync ("offline-first" "progressive web app")?

For example, with turtle-DB/tortoiseDB or the next version of PouchDB? (Will support sharing data between users, fixing: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46351432/per-user-db-pouchdb-couchdb-shared-data-doable)

Or a ustom DB sync connection (2-way pub/sub/sync data shares)?

You know Volt tried solve very strong problems. The repo is dead for a year, because new voluteers couldn't find. As expected it's development takes a lot of time and is very difficult to do for free

If you have free time and if you want to contribute volt, we can support you from https://opencollective.com/

Fork volt, maintenance it. Apply from https://opencollective.com/opensource/apply
Crete new repo and share here with opencollective's payment link. You can change it's name example re-volt, reactive-volt etc..

Welcome to all backers and developers, if this note affects you.
Instead of "it's", we should be using "its".

Looks nice framework, its dead project?
Thanks
For the interested people, because our interest in maintaining this project has been ignored will be made a fork to maintain and not let this project die. Coming soon.


In order to access the docs, one needs to go to voltframework.com then click the 'docs' button.

The url will then show "voltframework.com/docs" and the docs are visible, but if the page is refreshed then the 502 error is back.

Because of this, the docs link in the readme is broken. 

has_one has _cascade_ functionality.

I don't have the arcane knowledge of volt models to do that on has_many.

Of course, there is nothing like restrict functionality.

More importantly now, has_one has options, just as has_many.

Hello everyone, as you probably noticed, Volt development has slowed substantially in the past few months.  I started working on Volt in October of 2014 and pushed things public six months later.  After putting in a ton of time into Volt, I've had to step back because of commitments with my day job.  While I hope to come back to Volt in the future, my day job project has been seeing lots of growth and the time commitment needed from me has increased.

After telling myself I was going to find more time soon for a while, I've finally realized I can't lead the project effectively with my limited time.  Since so many people are using Volt and many more are interested in contributing, I am looking for someone to step up and take over as project lead for Volt.

I want to make sure project is in good hands.  Ideally the person to take over would be:
1) a good ruby programmer - while I think Volt is fairly simple to use, under the hood writing things like efficient websocket servers and reactive bindings are a task best reserved for someone who has quite a bit of programming experience and some basic computer science background (though not necessarily a CS degree)  A good understanding of O notation is very helpful.
2) somewhat personable - managing an open source project requires interacting with quite a few people, having the ability to build community, implement good suggestions (or accept good PR's) and reject the ones that aren't good or don't fit in a kind way that still builds community is important.
3) a good chunk of free time.

If you think this might be you, please let me know here or message @ryanstout on https://gitter.im/voltrb/volt

Thanks!

I haven't seen any commits in a few months just curious if this was still active.
