When you click the channel icon of the current video, to show the channel's video list without stopping the playing video, the app goes to the home screen while the current video's audio is still going on. No able to return to the video, I need to close the app. It happens randomly but always after some time from the app start (e.g., after 5-6 video viewed).
My TV is a Sony Bravia AG9. 

_Note: I am a developer so I can do some technical test if you need._
Hey,

if I start SmartYouTubeTV with the Alexa remote or use it to search something, everything works fine with the additional helper tool.
But it doesn't work if I use my Amazon Echo, which I prefer to control the Fire TV with.
Everytime I use the Echo, Fire TV tries to start / download the native YouTube app.
Hi, I found this strange bug. The sound where firestick TV 4k will not play sounds from app only and only when it uses an echo device as a bluetooth speaker, I have tested this with other bluetooth devices and it works fine. Important to notice that other apps within firestick don't face this problem. 

Some background information: I have a monitor with no speakers and I like watching YouTube videos to sleep, the preferable setup for me includes no ads, low brightness, and low energy consumption. Echo dot is a perfect speaker for this as I have to leave it on and it doesn't require batteries, also I can adjust volume by voice control.


Videos buffer for a long time and do not play. Any solution for this?

Thanks in advance
I've been trying to play my saved playlists, but for some reason, videos are just stuck buffering. Initially, I just skipped to the next episode and it would be ok, but at this point, even that doesn't guarantee anything. Now I can't even play a full playlist without it buffering the videos; although there are some within the playlist that can play, I know it'll eventually start trouble. 

I've tried resetting the app, deleting my history, restarting my Firestick, checking my internet connection, but nothing's doing it. I checked on my laptop to see if there was something going on, but it worked perfectly. I even updated it but it's still having problems. The most confusing thing is that it plays other playlists that I don't go to all that much, but it'll buffer with playlists that I usually watch.
Hi, I am trying to build the APK using android studio but i keep getting errors.
First error i get is error: 
incompatible types: int cannot be converted to String 
in SmartPreferences.java. 

if i fix this i am getting another 100 errors am i missing something?

thanks
When playing videos like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1La4QzGeaaQ) one in HDR quality, the picture is too bright or "washed-out".

The Google's YouTube application for Android TV currently does not offer an option to play videos in HDR quality at all, despite the fact that it used to work correctly a few days ago. Now it plays all videos only in SDR quality. As a result, I cannot compare the results directly.

I am not sure if the problem is with some video metadata not being recognized correctly or with those metadata not being present at all in the video.
When I try to switch to 3840x2160 vp9 quality I get the error android.media.MediaCodec.error_1100
Tried it with both PRO Launcher, the LITE Launcher crashes after start (both)

Version 6.17.334 with FireTV 4K
Hi . I'm test your last version . But exo player don't fix complete . When I play video sound and picture not match .
Please fix it .
Thank a lot 😊
With the Pro Main and Alt version controlling the casted video from smartphone is not working. The controlbar stopps after 4 seconds. With Lite its working fine but sadly there is no autoframerate. 